hey guys sorry I'm late what what was
that about it's not the real sorry the
waitresses cover up your order hey I get
you something to eat uh yeah you know
what I'll just have with these guys yes
he will thanks okay what thing what's
going on could you stop being so
predictable for just one song do don't
you dig wait wait wait did you guys make
bets on my predictive ability like this
dude you're always late and you always
wonder what everybody else orders so she
was gonna take this long to catch on man
pay up okay you know what you guys are
incidents defensive miss where I don't
want to just shut up please shut up I
can't believe what dicks you guys are
being I thought you were my friends okay
we are your friends all right well it's
just you know that's why the game's
funny cuz we know so much about you
you're questioning our friendship
two-to-one odds on that shit you know
what I am running out of money here wait
wait why do you keep using oh I don't
know Adam maybe cuz i gave you the
benefit of the doubt and thought like a
normal human being you would've gotten
up by now instead of asking that exact
fucking question or made that exact face
Jesus or put your head down and pouted
like a baby or got up and walked away
like a bitch fine man you know better
than I do I mean this Canyon what do we
need a back he came back to hug her nice
one that's too much Cochise came back
what and
that's a new free tone that's a new
ringtone your change his ring to
understand he changed it baby bouncies
okay that was Molly she's just running
the corner she's gonna meet us so maybe
get this out these dickheads for a
couple seconds yeah yeah I'm sorry we
will definitely stop no we're not you
want to stop cuz I'm gonna roll
babybel I owe you big
medic let me go